Patch Measurements.probs(wires) to Measurements.probs() when called with all wires (#744)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* Changed the name of `lightning.tensor` to `default.tensor` with the `quimb` backend.
  [(#719)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/719)

> * Patch the C++ `Measurements.probs(wires)` method in Lightning-Qubit and Lighnting-Kokkos to `Measurements.probs()` when called with all wires.

Reviewer: What about Lightning-GPU?

Author: The `probs()` method in LGPU calls `probs(wires)` following the cuTensorNet API. This patch is not useful there. 

https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/blob/81870b7bc427ce2362e29a64d77f33aa80062104/pennylane_lightning/core/src/simulators/lightning_gpu/measurements/MeasurementsGPU.hpp#L156-L162

> * Dispatch the C++ `Measurements.probs(wires)` method in Lightning-Qubit and Lighnting-Kokkos to `Measurements.probs()` when requesting the probabilities for all wires.
>   This will trigger a more optimized implementation for calculating the probabilities of the whole system.
>   [(#)]()

Author: ```suggestion
* Patch the C++ `Measurements.probs(wires)` method in Lightning-Qubit and Lighnting-Kokkos to `Measurements.probs()` when called with all wires.
  This will trigger a more optimized implementation for calculating the probabilities of the entire system.
  [(#744)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/744)
```
